antioquia the most educated
his voice is widely recognized by
all cycling fans in
Latin America she tells us every year
everything that happens in the races
European and the 64th edition of the
back colombia became his
first opportunity to cover this
competition I'm here thanks to the
invitation of the movistar team that
invited then I'm with them in the
breakfast mornings with them we talk more
or less what will happen I can not say
a lot of truth but they tell me how
happened on the previous day we have the
exit control and I have to talk to
all the other boys to greet them
how morning and good was going together
some your bits of information then
we are going to go in a vehicle
in front of the caravan we are going to do
a stop we see them we receive them and more
later we make some notes for
Internet
I imagined there was going to be a
good party and I have not taken any
disappointment on the contrary people very
enthusiastic I know that in this region
cycling is also experienced very closely
and also it's touching me to know
for the first time the region and in addition to
I am very happy to see the
boys that some I've seen
run out and now they see us at home
and that gives me a lot of emotion
emotion
georgina doing to has become
now I started when the career of
journalism thinking that I wanted to be
narrator of a sport that is football
American definitely that is also not
most common but once I met the
cycling in the first months of
professional exercise they opened the
doors so kindly and
I knew the nature of sport more more
up close with the runners the
sports directors the mechanics all
the world gave me and gave me gave me a lot
information gave me my hand without any
restriction and that definitely
makes you want the essence of sport
nature of them as as athletes and
The truth is that I could not take off
20 years ago that happened, imagine